The armed forces have always been beset by a lack of career orientation
of first time enlistees and it still is. So virtually all of the turnover
is after the first enlistment is up. So after a guy signs up
does his four yearsm sees how you like it or not, sees other opportunities
on the outside, they may leave they may leave like I did and
then immediately get in the reserves because they enjoy that part of
it, I or they may leave and never want anything to do with it again.
So in terms of turnover but you mainly see is junior enlisted people
usually E3s or E4s, sometimes E fives and sixes getting out, sometimes
you see junior officers, O2's or so. An O2 would be like a first
lieutenant army a lieutenant JG in the navy getting out after their
first tour